Docker compose from SDFIdk (#61)
Cisco-Talos/cvdupdate: README.md

  -e CRON='0 0 * * *' \
  cvdupdate:latest
  ```

> ## Use Docker compose
> 
> Edit the compose file if you need to change the default values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Docker Compose

A Docker `compose.yaml` is provided to:
1. Regularly update a Docker volume with the latest ClamAV databases.
2. Serve a database mirror on port 8000 using the Apache webserver. 

Edit the `compose.yaml` file if you need to change the default values:
```

* Port 8000
* USER_ID=0
* CRON=30 */4 * * *

### Build

> ```
> docker compose build
> ```
> 
> ### Start
> ```
> docker compose up -d
> ```
> 
> ### Stop
> ```
> docker compose down
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```bash
docker compose build
```

### Start
```bash
docker compose up -d
```

### Stop
```bash
docker compose down
```
````

### Volumes

> Volumes are defined in the composefile and will be autocreated on `docker compose up`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Volumes are defined in `compose.yaml` and will be auto-created when you run `docker compose up`
```
